[music]
Hi guys, in this story I want to create
a road using the real engine 5.7.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first uh create a new
project by going right here. New
project. Select third person at step
plate. Rename your project what do you
want from the project name. Uh hit
create.
Okay. After doing this go to file,
select new level, choose a basic level,
hit create. After creating this, delete
this one and create new landscape by
going right here landscape model. Hit
create.
After importing our landscape,
second to thing I want to do is to save
all rename the project what we want.
After renaming the project, I want to
return here to selection mode and go to
the content drawer. After that, let's go
to the fab marketplace.
In the fab marketplace, you want to
download the material for our road.
Let's search for material
pine road.
Okay, let's choose this one.
Okay, fin American road. Choose the
highest quality as possible. For me, you
want to choose this row quality. Add to
the project.
Okay, downloading is finished.
After that, close this fab.
Close this. Now let's return
to this and go to shapes select plane.
After selecting this plane,
let's go right here
and go to this corner.
Select this one. Browse. Add to assets.
After this, let's go to the plane.
Left click.
Okay. Assets action. I want to export
this as
a static mesh.
I rename it uh road FPX file. Hit save.
Export as FPX file.
And now
uh change source content has been
detected. Yes, I want to import it into
my project.
I want to go right here.
Okay. To the content
and this is my road.
This the static mesh. Let's just create
previously.
After creating this static mesh, we want
to add the material. Double click right
here.
Let's go here to element zero and search
for my fine American road.
This one apply the material.
The material is applied successfully.
Now hit save.
Before you apply the material, first
thing delete this. After deleting this,
let's save all.
And let's go here to the landscape mode.
Go to the manage.
Select blind.
Let's create new layer by going right
this edit layers. Click the plus button.
and the plus button we have two layers
layers landscape edit layer landscape
edit layers for splines ch this hit
select
okay now let's go here to the speed set
the speed of the camera
8 or 10
now let's create our spline let's create
two points
control your mouse button
First one, first row. Second row. Let's
go here. Control button. Right click and
the mouse button.
We have to splines are created right
here. After creating this those splines,
select the first one
and press shift. Select the second one.
Once two splines are selected,
go right here to display messes from the
landscape time messes. Zero array
enablement. Click the plus button. I
want to choose my mesh right here. What
my me? Okay, let's go here to the
container drawer. One click right here
and click here
and press this button.
Okay, the road is created
but there is a mistake. It's not created
correctly.
How to fix this problem? To fix this
problem, first of all, we have to just
go here to adjust center adjust.
Change the variable or the value for
0.1.
After changing this value, let's go here
to the forward axis. Change this one to
Yaxis. Okay. Fine. Our road is created.
This simple way to create a road
on your own. Let's return here selection
mode.
After rotating selection mode, let's go
right here.
Go to the basic player start.
Choose the player start right here.
position.
Okay, fine. Thank you guys for watching
this all for this tutorial. Subscribe
for this channel. supported
like